---
title: "TATA IPL MATCH REVIEWS: MATCHES 23-28"
date: "2024-04-19"
category: "Cricket"
slug: "tata-ipl-match-reviews-matches-23-28"
subcategories:
  - name: "IPL 2024 MATCH REVIEWS"
    slug: "ipl-2024"
---

Hello and a warm welcome to yet another blog on this year's IPL match reviews. Apologies for the delay of about 10 days since I was travelling and finally now have some breathing space to write another set of blogs. If time permits, I will definitely write a special travel blog. To summarize how I will write about each match, the first paragraph will be a general review of the game, mainly the important highlights for people who have not watched the game. The second paragraph will be about a deeper analysis of the game, and where the game changed. _So the readers who have already seen the game can skip the first paragraph and directly move onto the second paragraph._ Also, this will be a huge blog, so buckle up and let's get started! 

**Punjab Kings VS Sunrisers Hyderabad | Maharaja Yadavindra Singh Cricket Stadium, Mullanpur**  
Shikhar Dhawan won the toss and opted to field first. The Sunrisers started aggressively in the first half of the powerplay but were hit back by 2 wickets. But the Kings were surprised by the talented _Nitish Reddy_ , who started pelting boundaries but were in control of the innings as wickets fell at regular intervals at the other end. Small cameos from Samad and Shahbaz gave the Sunrisers a respectable total of 182. However, the Kings top-order collapsed and the middle-order batters played a fine rearguard as they have throughout this season. But the SRH bowlers kept them in check and the rate started climbing before it was almost impossible for the Kings to win the game. However a brilliant partnership between Shashank Singh and Ashutosh Sharma did give the Kings a chance but they eventually ended up 2 runs short, giving the Sunrisers their first away game of the season  
Speaking about the tactical aspects, the SRH top-order had a rare off day at the office but huge credit to Nitish Reddy, who had played his first game of the season and it was a roaring start from him. The Kings had to capitalise on the regular wickets falling and I would say they did give 15-20 runs extra but Arshdeep Singh coming back to form is a huge bonus for the Kings. But the top-order crisis is a big problem for the Kings, which they should look to avoid as soon as possible because the middle-order always has to play rearguard and in the process, the run-rate slows down. The only superstars in the Kings' batting are _Shashank Singh and Ashutosh Sharma_ , as in every match they have pulled the Kings out of danger and single-handedly won the game for their team. For the Sunrisers, they would be happy to win a chaotic game as even their bowling was average except for the skipper, Pat Cummins, who is proving to the world why he is worth 20 crores as he bowled a fantastic spell, giving just 22 runs and picking up a wicket, which was supported well by Bhuvi and Natarajan, but overall the bowling was average and shouldn't have let the game slip and come till the last over. So overall a chaotic game which had batting collapses but Nitish Reddy for the Sunrisers and Shashank and Jitesh for the Kings played a huge role in this close encounter.

**Rajasthan Royals VS Gujarat Titans | Sawai Mansingh Stadium, Jaipur**  
Shubman Gill won the toss and opted to field first which proved to be a good call as the Titans got the dangerous RR openers early. But what happened next was batting brilliance by the captain, _Samson and the in-form Riyan Parag_ , who hit quick and huge fifties followed by a small, useful cameo from Hetmyer, which powered the Royals to a superb total of 196. The GT openers started well but once Sudharan fell, the wickets started tumbling but Shubman Gill played a captain's knock and kept his team in the hunt but the brilliance of Chahal removed him. RR were ahead of the game at this point but Tewatia and Rashid Khan, who had a good day with the ball as well, pulled off an incredible heist to win the game by 3 wickets and on the last ball, handing the Royals their first loss of the season.  
In this thrilling game at the SMS, I felt the Royals did not make any major mistakes in this game as they were completely dominating in both innings. Parag looks unstoppable and Samson is also having a good season with the bat, which are good signs for RR. Even their bowling wasn't the worst of all, in fact in the first overs the RR bowlers were outstanding but they let it slip in the end. The RR batters outplayed the Titans, except Rashid Khan, who just gave 18 runs in 4 overs avoided RR having a score of about 210-220, and gave the perfect to the chase, which was left half-done by Gill. Credit to Shubman Gill also for keeping the run-rate in check as both Chahal and Ashwin went for above 10 an over. These small things helped Tewatia and Rashid Khan to manage this heist, which this team is used to. Tewatia did get run out, leaving Rashid to hit 2 off the last over, but cool as a cucumber, like MS, finished the game with a boundary to end a thrilling match at the Sawai Mansingh Stadium

**Mumbai Indians VS Royal Challengers Bengaluru | Wankhede Stadium, Mumbai**  
Hardik Pandya won the toss and opted to field first, a no-brainer for a captain at the Wankhede. To summarize the RCB innings, Kohli and Jacks fell early but from nowhere Patidar started pelting some to the boundary, got his fifty, and then got out. Faf struggled in his 61 of 40 as the RCB batting was getting washed away by the brilliance of Bumrah, who picked up a superb 5-wicket haul. But RCB's golden finisher, DK played a spectacular 53 off just 23 runs to give RCB a total of 196, about 20 runs below par, considering their bowling strength. The MI openers started slow but suddenly started hitting almost every ball to the fence. There was no stopping them and once they got out, Surya came in, and showed his acrobatics as he raced to a superb 52 before the captain finished the game by **_7 wickets and 27 balls remaining._**  
In this completely one-sided game, the **X-factor for the MI bowling was undoubtedly Bumrah** , who has cemented himself as the world's best bowler in my opinion. The RCB batters had no clue how to play him, which did help MI in the end to restrict RCB to 196 because the other bowlers were fairly expensive. At the halfway mark, while I was travelling on a train, I knew RCB would lose but I thought the game would go on till the 18th over, but the versatility of the MI batters, knowing they are playing the worst bowling attack in this season, went all guns blazing and just left RCB puzzled and Faf had no hope on this game after the 10th over I would say. They made it look that about 260 was par on this wicket. So overall, a _rare one-sided game this season, which can only be possible by this RCB bowling line-up_ , who need to revamp this depleted bowling line-up as soon as possible, with the only positives this game being Patidar and DK being in fine form.

**Lucknow Super Giants VS Delhi Capitals | Ekana Cricket Stadium, Lucknow**  
KL Rahul batted first mainly I would say because of their record batting first but without the impressive Mayank Yadav. The openers started quickly but soon De Kock and Padikkal fell. Rahul tried to play a rearguard act but fell shortly, and the whole middle order was blown away mainly by Kuldeep, who picked up Pooran for a golden duck. But a surprising rearguard act, this time by Ayush Badoni gave the Super Giants a 160+ total. The Delhi top-order had more success than their counterparts but the partnership between Pant and the talented Fraser-McGurk, who picked up a superb fifty on his IPL debut. Once he and Pant got out, the game was well within reach for the Capitals as they comfortably won the game with 2 overs spare and by 6 wickets.  
In LSG's first loss defending a 160+ total in their history, Kuldeep Yadav was the one who triggered the LSG middle-order collapse and a huge credit goes to him for this victory. But the main man was a talented youngster, who did make a lot of buzz on social media with his batting, Jake Fraser-McGurk, who was scintillating on his debut and well supported by Pant as well, who looks well suited to professional cricket presently. For LSG, the main problem I would say is Devdutt Padikkal, who has rarely even got a double-digit score if not no double-digit score this season, he really needs to fire up or LSG need to look for a replacement. Other than that, to sum this game up,**it started with the brilliance of Kuldeep and ended with the elegance of Fraser-McGurk and Rishabh Pant** to give Delhi a much-needed victory.

**Punjab Kings VS Rajasthan Royals | Maharaja Yadavindra Singh Cricket Stadium, Mullanpur**  
Sanju Samson won the toss and opted to field on a sluggish track. The innings started slowly as the top order was quickly wiped out by the RR bowlers and the Kings were heading towards an embarrassing 120-130 total. But some good contributions by Jitesh and Livingstone and a quick one by Ashutosh gave the Kings a respectable total of 151, with all RR bowlers having a good day. However, without Buttler, Jaiswal and his new partner, Tanush Kotian struggled to get runs and the Kings at a point were ahead of the game. _Rabada and the stand-in captain, Sam Curran_ were accurate and put their team in the driver's seat. When all looked lost, the two Windies' batters, _Hetmyer and Powell started hitting boundaries_ but the latter fell shortly. However, Hetmyer kept his composure and guided the Royals to a thrilling win by 3 wickets and 1 ball spare, leaving the Kings with their 2nd consecutive heartbreaking loss at Mullanpur.  
In a rare low-scoring game this IPL, the Royals did give 5-10 runs extra as Ashutosh Sharma, a great find for PBKS, struck at a strike rate of almost 193.75, but overall, the bowlers had a superb day, without Ashwin. The batting was also damaged as Buttler missed out and the young Kotian played too slowly, while Jaiswal played briskly. But the game changer for RR, who had been waiting for this opportunity as a rare collapse occurred for the RR middle order, was Shimron Hetmyer, a man who scored 27 of just 10 balls on a sluggish surface is truly extraordinary. So to summarize it overall _, a bowlers' game for a change in this current T20 world_ , batters faltered but in the end, it was Hetmyer's blitz which gave the edge over the Kings at Mullanpur.

**Kolkata Knight Riders VS Lucknow Super Giants | Eden Gardens, Kolkata**  
Shreyas Iyer won the toss and opted to field first on a hot day at the Eden Gardens. However,_the LSG top and middle-order faltered yet_ again as wickets fell at regular intervals. Useful contributions from KL Rahul, Badoni and Pooran gave the Super Giants 161, about 20-30 runs below par as the wicket was a belter. The KKR chase started with a 22-run opening over bowled by the talented Shamar Joseph on his IPL debut. LSG did get 2 quick wickets but _Salt was unstoppable and the captain gave him excellent company as KKR cruised through with 26 balls spare and by 8 wickets, with Salt ending with a brilliant 89 and the captain with a run a ball 38._  
In a complete LSG disaster, they did get a 160+ total and their record is superb defending 160+ totals but on a belter like this one at the Eden Gardens, it was almost impossible. The KKR spinners had a regular day at the office, picking some wickets but more importantly not giving many runs and Starc got a 3-wicket haul. LSG top and middle-order need to fire up after this big beating by the men in purple. The KKR bowlers did their job and so did Phil Salt, who hit a total of 14 fours and 3 sixes, and to ensure the other end was secured, Shreyas decided to give Salt the strike, which I would say was enough as Salt was striking at almost 200. So KKR has had a spectacular season, cementing the second spot and their return to the Eden Gardens has been absolutely perfect. LSG have a tough challenge against CSK, and to win that game, their batting really needs to fire up...

So here we come to the end of this huge blog, but another blog is coming which will cover matches 29-34, which is also going to be a big one, which will be on the home page of this website after this one, so don't forget to switch blogs and check the next one.