---
title: "TATA IPL MATCH REVIEWS: MATCH 39:- CSKvLSG"
date: "2024-04-24"
category: "Cricket"
slug: "tata-ipl-match-reviews-cskvlsg"
subcategories:
  - name: "IPL 2024 MATCH REVIEWS"
    slug: "ipl-2024"
---

Hello and a warm welcome to another blog on the daily match reviews on this year’s IPL. In this blog, I will be writing about the match between the Chennai Super Kings and the Lucknow Super Giants at CSK's fortress, Chepauk, which had an unexpected turn of events in the end. So without any further delay, let's get started.

KL Rahul won the toss and opted to field first with CSK letting go Ravindra from the playing 11. CSK lost Rahane and Mitchell early but Ruturaj was on song, playing some tremendous shots, but he lacked support from Jadeja, who fell soon after but finally, he did get support from Dube, who was at his best, smoking the LSG bowlers for 7 sixes. Ruturaj continued from where he started and these two stitched up an incredible 104-run partnership, with Dube getting out in the last over for 66 and Ruturaj hitting a fine hundred to give CSK a huge 210 on board. The LSG started in the worst possible fashion with both openers departing cheaply, but Stoinis was striking with brute force and gave his team some hope. Padikkal fell shortly after and at this point, the game felt done because the rate touched 14 per over. But Stoinis showed his composure, getting some timely boundaries, alongside Pooran, who did give him good company with some gorgeous boundaries. But Pooran left after a wonderful cameo and shortly after Stoinis reached his 100, but the asking rate touched 16. But the dew factor helped LSG as the CSK bowlers messed up their lengths due to not gripping the ball properly, and from nowhere, in a situation where LSG needed 38 in 13 balls, they chased it comfortably by 6 wickets, with Stoinis being the hero, scoring a huge 124 and with 3 balls remaining.   
In a memorable win for LSG, I felt except for Ruturaj, the top-order should have put up a better show and they should have hit about 220 on this wicket, considering the dew factor. At the halfway point, CSK were aiming at 190+ but Dube was absolutely superb and supported Ruturaj well but CSK did have 210, which itself is a daunting total for any team chasing at Chepauk. The chase was accomplished due to a one-man show from the Hulk, Marcus Stoinis, who played his shots and backed himself, but again Padikkal had a bad day, playing an 18 ball 13, without scoring a boundary continues to be a problem for LSG in the long run. But credit to even Hooda, who played a superb 6-ball 17 which helped Stoinis in the end to finish it comfortably. But the main cause of defeat for CSK was undoubtedly the dew factor, due to which Pathirana and the Fizz couldn't execute their plans and it also removed the spinners from the game because it became difficult to grip the ball. But still, LSG did achieve a superb win, handing CSK their first loss at Chepauk this season...